PIKIPOM PRIVACY POLICY

-INFORMATION I COLLECT
To fulfill your order, you must provide me with certain information (which you authorized Etsy, Facebook, Shopify, Makerspace, or Amazon Handmade to
provide to me), such as your name, email address, postal address, payment information (I do not
personally see your payment information, credit card details, etc- as these are processed securely
through Etsy), and the details of the product that you’re ordering. You may also choose to provide
me with additional personal information (for a custom order, for example), if you contact me directly
via Etsy messages or through a private note attached to your order.

-WHY I NEED THIS INFORMATION AND HOW I USE IT:
I rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
-as needed to provide my services, such as when I use your information to fulfill your order, to settle
disputes, or to provide customer support;
-when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by
signing up for my mailing list;
-if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such
as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law;
-as necessary for the purpose of my legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not
overridden by your rights or interests, such as 1) providing and improving my services. I use your
information to provide the services you requested and in my legitimate interest to improve my
services; and 2) Compliance with the Etsy Seller Policy and Terms of Use. I use your information as
necessary to comply with my obligations under the Etsy Seller Policy and Terms of Use.

-INFORMATION & SHARING DISCLOSURE
Information about my customers is important to my business. I share your personal information for
very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
-Etsy. I share information with Etsy as necessary to provide you my services and comply with my
obligations under both the Etsy Seller Policy and Etsy Terms of Use.
-Shipping Service providers. I engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide
services to my shop, such as delivery companies. The shipping services I primarily use are USPS, UPS, and DHL.
I will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the
extent necessary to perform these services and ship your order.
-Compliance with laws. I may collect, use, retain, and share your information if I have a good faith
belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b)
enforce my agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other
illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of my
customers, or others.

-DATA RETENTION
I retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with my services and
as described in my Privacy Policy. However, I may also be required to retain this information to
comply with my legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce my agreements.
At a maximum, I hold this data for legal purposes the following time period: 4 years.
I only download your personal data when printing USPS shipping labels direct through Etsy's
shipping service in order to print these labels from home, and I promptly delete these files after
completing and shipping your order.

-TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE OF EU
I may store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the US and other
jurisdictions. As a result, I may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data
protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction. If I am deemed to transfer
information about you outside of the EU, I rely on Privacy Shield as the legal basis for the transfer, as
Google Cloud is Privacy Shield certified.

-YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your
personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain
limited cases. I describe these rights below:
-Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information I hold
about you by contacting me using the contact information below.
-Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict my use of, or delete your
personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where I am required to store data for
legal reasons) I will generally delete your personal information upon request.
-Object. You can object to my processing of some of your information based on my legitimate
interests and receiving marketing messages from me after providing your express consent to receive
them. In such cases, I will delete your personal information unless I have compelling and legitimate
grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons. To opt out of emails
that you have previously given me personal consent to join, you may also click the "unsubscribe"
button at the bottom of any emails sent to you from my shop. This does not include messages direct
from Etsy, as I do not send these emails personally and you would need to unsubscribe from Etsy's
specific emails and services in order to retract your consent.
-Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about my use of your information (and
without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data
protection authority.

-HOW TO CONTACT ME
For purposes of EU data protection law, I, Josie Lee LLC, am the data controller of your personal
information within my Pikipom shop across said mentioned ecommerce websites and platforms as stated above. If you have any questions or concerns,
you may contact me at Pikipomshop@gmail.com. Alternately, you may mail me at: 1821 N Zaragoza RD STE 207-652 El Paso, TX 79936
